Start moving pytorch examples to their own directories (#60)
comet-ml/comet-examples: integrations/model-training/pytorch/pytorch-mnist/README.md

# Pytorch integration with Comet.ml

Comet integrates with [PyTorch](https://pytorch.org/).

PyTorch is an open source machine learning framework based on the Torch library, used for applications such as computer vision and natural language processing, primarily developed by Facebook's AI Research lab.

PyTorch enables fast, flexible experimentation and efficient production through a user-friendly front-end, distributed training, and ecosystem of tools and libraries.

## Documentation

For more information on using and configuring Metaflow integration, please see: https://www.comet.com/docs/v2/integrations/ml-frameworks/pytorch/

> ## See it live
> 
> You can see how this example looks like by taking a look at this [public Comet Project](https://www.comet.com/examples/comet-example-pytorch-mnist).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## See it

Take a look at this [public Comet Project](https://www.comet.com/examples/comet-example-pytorch-mnist).

```
